# {{ShortCompanyName}} Terms of Use

Welcome to {{ShortCompanyName}}, we are glad you are here! We highly recommend that you read our Platform Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”). The Terms are a contract between you and {{LongCompanyName}}, {{ShortCompanyName}} (“us”, “we” "{{ShortCompanyName}}" “The Company”), which is applicable when you use our mobile application, web sites (including- but not limited to- {{website}}), our services, products, and content provided by us, (individually and collectively, the “Platform”), and our Platform on other websites or applications (regardless of the exact URL), globally, in existence now or in the future. You are referred to herein as “you” or “your”, and when we use “you” or “your” we are referring to you and any person, party or entity who accesses the Platform or uses the Services. Together, you and {{ShortCompanyName}} are referred to herein as ‘Parties.’

The Platform allows artists, entertainment properties, talent, retail brands, performers, celebrities, sports teams, sports talent, and anyone with a fan base or brand to create unique, one-of-kind digital merchandise (“Digital Collectibles”) for their fans and other consumers to collect through purchases, giveaways or other means.

To ensure each Digital Collectible’s unique authenticity, {{ShortCompanyName}} uses blockchain-based non-fungible token (“NFT”) technology to demonstrate rights ownership and authenticity. Possession of an NFT is similar to receiving a “certificate of authenticity” along with unique physical merchandise, such as a signed baseball card.

{{ShortCompanyName}} mints each Digital Collectibles series on the public blockchain, and once committed to the public blockchain, the series cannot be edited or changed, including by {{ShortCompanyName}} or any other third party. {{ShortCompanyName}}’s use of the public blockchain offers an open ledger reporting and tracking capability that can help to ensure rights ownership and authenticity.

THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAINS A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR ANY OTHER COURT PROCEEDINGS, OR CLASS ACTIONS OF ANY KIND.

We may update these Terms of Use from time to time. We will let you know if we make changes of these Terms of Use by any reasonable means, including by posting the updated version of the Terms of Use to the Platform. Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised Terms of Use incorporating such changes, or otherwise notified you of such changes. If you continue to use the Platform after the stated effective date of the updated Terms of Use, you will be deemed to have accepted the change.

{{ShortCompanyName}} shall also have the right, at any time and without liability, to update, modify, alter, enhance, or eliminate the features, layout, structure, front-end, navigation, appearance, functionality and other elements of all or a part of the Platform, and any aspect, portion or feature thereof.

## DEFINITIONS
“Account” refers to a User Account or a Brand Account as applicable to you.

“Affiliates” means a party’s subsidiaries, successors, assigns, or owners, and any company that has a business relationship with them, including without limitation, managers, entertainers, agents, companies, distributors, vendors, suppliers, licensees and any of their shareholders, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, or other representatives.

“Brands” refers to any person or entity with a Brand Account on the Platform. Brand accounts are intended for artists, entertainment properties, talent, retail brands, performers, celebrities, sports teams, sports talent, or any person or entity that has a user or fan base and has an account on the Platform (“Brand Account”).

“Rewards” include, but are not limited to, Digital Collectibles, unique Brand merchandise, prizes, and experiences, or {{ShortCompanyName}} provided rewards and experiences. Both {{ShortCompanyName}} and Brands have flexibility to use the Platform to offer many kinds of prizes and rewards including unique prizes and one-of-a-kind items or experiences, many of which are not generally for sale or available as a service by the Brand.

“Services” means any features, functions, services, content, rewards, offers or other information available on or through the Platform.

“Users” refer to any person, fan, or entity that has a standard account (“User Account”) on the Platform.

The words “use” or “using” in these Terms of Use, means any time an individual, directly or indirectly, with or without the aid of a machine or device, does or attempts to access, interact with, use, display, view, print or copy from the Platform, receives data from or transmits data to the Platform, or in any way utilizes, benefits, takes advantage of or interacts with any function, service or feature of the Platform, for any purpose whatsoever.

## USE OF THE {{ShortCompanyName}} PLATFORM
The Platform is offered and made available only to users 13 years of age or older. If your use of the Platform is prohibited or restricted in any way by the laws, regulations, rules or other governmental requirements of the jurisdiction from which you access the Platform or in which you live or reside, or if, for any reason and at any time, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms of Use, please discontinue using the Platform immediately.

BY ACCESSING THE PLATFORM: (I) YOU CERTIFY THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OF AGE AND HAVE A PARENT’S OR GUARDIAN’S PERMISSION TO ACCESS THE PLATFORM OR YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE AND (II) YOU (OR YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN IF APPLICABLE) UNDERSTAND, ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE. YOUR REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE PLATFORM, OR ANY SERVICES, IS TO STOP USING THE PLATFORM AND/OR THOSE PARTICULAR SERVICES. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH US REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH THESE TERMS BECOMES EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON ACCESSING THE PLATFORM.

IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL ACCESSING OR USING THE PLATFORM ON BEHALF OF, OR FOR THE BENEFIT OF, ANY CORPORATION, PARTNERSHIP OR OTHER ENTITY WITH WHICH YOU ARE ASSOCIATED (AN “ORGANIZATION”), THEN YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OF USE ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND SUCH ORGANIZATION, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ORGANIZATION TO THESE TERMS OF USE. References to “you” and “your” in these Terms of Use will refer to both the individual using the Platform and to any such Organization.

## ACCOUNT CREATION
To access and participate with the Platform and our Services you will need to create an Account, which can be a Brand Account, as a Brand, or User Account, as an individual User. By creating an Account, you agree to: (a) provide accurate, current and complete account information as required, (b) maintain and promptly update from time to time as necessary your account information, (c) maintain the security of your Account, (d) accept all risks of unauthorized access to your Account and the information you provide to us, and (e) immediately notify us by using the “Contact Us” or “Help” component of the Platform if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Platform or your Account. Your Account is personal to you and you are responsible if you allow others to use it. We are not liable for any direct or indirect harm caused or related to the theft or misappropriation or disclosure of all or any portion of your Account access details, or your authorization of anyone else to use your Account.

As part of the registration process, you will need to provide us with your email address, or mobile telephone number, (which serves as your “User Account”) and choose a username (which serves as your platform “handle), and a password. Alternatively, Users may choose to create a User Account by authenticating with their personal Facebook, Google, or Twitter, or Apple account “Social Authentication” with the Platform or via some other equivalent method if made available by {{ShortCompanyName}}. If a User chooses to join and authenticate via Social Authentication, their personal social media user account will serve as their User Account on the Platform. Your User Account must be unique and not previously registered with the Platform, and we may request that you provide other personally identifiable information such as your mobile phone number, or email address. We may reject, or require that you change, any username, password or other information that you provide to us in registering. {{ShortCompanyName}} may choose to utilize two-factor authentication which may be required by {{ShortCompanyName}} once your Account reaches certain milestones or before certain actions or levels of engagement are allowed. For two-factor authentication we will send a secret authorization code to the email address or mobile number you provided (or for Users that registered via Social Authentication to the email address associated with their personal social account) to complete the two-factor authentication set-up. If a User uses Social Authentication as part of their registration process, then they are subject not only to these Terms of Use, but also to the terms and conditions of the Social Network used for authentication.

You acknowledge and agree that to ensure the safety of your Account and to enforce the internal security policies of {{ShortCompanyName}}, we may use and maintain certain internal controls and programs. {{ShortCompanyName}}, through these programs and controls, may collect and store information about you and your transactions, including personal information about you, provided to us upon your creation of your Account or requested by us upon your use of the Platform. {{ShortCompanyName}} may require further identification information from you to the extent requested by any competent law enforcement or judicial authority or if applicable to meet requirements for the Services pertaining to laws of a certain jurisdiction or governmental authority. All such information is governed by our Privacy Policy at <{{privacyPolicyURL}}>.

## IN APP PURCHASES
In-App Purchases. Through the Applications, you may purchase (“In App Purchase”) certain goods designed to enhance the performance of the Services (“Goods”). When you purchase Goods, you are doing so through either Apple iTunes service or the Google Play service, as applicable, and you are agreeing to their respective Terms and Conditions. (<http://www.apple.com/legal/internet>- services/itunes/us/terms.html : <http://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about/play-terms.html>). We are not a party to any In App Purchase.

## PROMOTIONS.
Any sweepstakes, contests, raffles, surveys, games or similar promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) made available through or in connection with the Platform may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms of Use. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms of Use, the Promotion rules will govern. We note that the rules in connection with a Promotion involving a particular Brand may be issued by such Brand, rather than by us and may either appear (or be accessible via a link) in the “Custom Terms” section below or be made available in connection with such Promotion as a separate, standalone set of terms and conditions.

## DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES (NFTS)
{{ShortCompanyName}} may create, or coordinate with Brands to create the definition for each collectible series on the public blockchain, including the total number available and the collectible images. Once committed to the public blockchain, the series cannot be edited or changed by any party including {{ShortCompanyName}} or the Brand. {{ShortCompanyName}} uses the Simple Ledger Protocol / SLP chain or other similar blockchain which offers an open ledger reporting and tracking capability suitable to ensure rights ownership and authenticity.

When a user obtains a collectible within a series, a specific collectible “child” (an NFT) is created by {{ShortCompanyName}} with a distinct sequence number. The sequence number of the collectible will never exceed the total inventory requested by the Brand for the series. An NFT is a type of cryptographic token which represents something unique. Unlike cryptocurrencies and other fungible digital assets, NFTs are not used to make payments. Non-fungible Tokens are not mutually interchangeable and can’t be divided into smaller parts. These design features limit the usefulness of NFTs as a form of payment or substitute for currency. Instead, NFTs are enjoyed as Digital Collectibles.

Each NFT has its own unique “immutable data” such as total inventory, artwork, audio files, and other information which can never be changed. In some cases, Users may be able to add on to, customize, or enhance an NFT but any such changes will be additional enhancements and not change the underlying NFT.

Brands using the Platform to distribute Digital Collectibles understand that any future value of a Digital Collectible is based solely on consumer interest and demand for that Digital Collectible and not something that {{ShortCompanyName}} or the Brand can control or will attempt to control or influence. Brands agree to not promise any future value of Digital Collectibles in, among other things, promotion or marketing of such collectibles.

## LIMITED LICENSE TO LOGOS, ARTWORK, ILLUSTRATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT EMBEDDED IN DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES
You acknowledge and agree that you do not own any logos, illustrations, photos, or any other forms of artwork, nor any copyrights or other proprietary rights therein, collectively the “Content” embedded in Digital Collectibles as part of the immutable data. Such Content is owned by {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands, licensors, artists, or other partners, and is licensed, not sold. For clarity, each Digital Collectible is comprised of an NFT and Content that is associated with such NFT, such that if you own the NFT, and only for so long as you own such NFT, you will receive a license to access, display, and/or perform such Content through the NFT, subject to applicable terms and conditions.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use and any separate licensing terms from a Brand relating to Digital Collectibles associates with such Brand (which may appear in the “Custom Terms” section below or in a set of terms and conditions separately made available in connection with such Brand’s Digital Collectibles) (“Brand License Terms”), you are granted a limited worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to use and display the Content associated with NFTs that you own, solely for the period of time that you own such NFTs, as embedded in a Digital Collectible. To the extent that, with respect to a particular Digital Collectible, there is a conflict between the license grant above and the licensing terms set out in the Brand License Terms, the Brand License Terms shall govern.

You agree that you may not modify or attempt to modify the original Content associated with your Digital Collectibles in any way, and you agree you will not use the Content embedded in Digital Collectibles for any commercial benefit or distribute to any third party for commercial benefit.

## DIGITAL COLLECTIBLE USE
YOU REPRESENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE COLLECTING, TRADING OR PURCHASING DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES SOLELY FOR YOUR OWN COLLECTION, USE AND ENJOYMENT, AND NOT FOR SPECULATIVE OR INVESTMENT PURPOSES, FOR USE AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR CURRENCY OR MEDIUM OF EXCHANGE, RESALE OR REDISTRIBUTION AND THAT YOU ARE NOT ACQUIRING ANY EQUITY OR OTHER OWNERSHIP OR PROFIT-SHARING INTEREST IN {{ShortCompanyName}}, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY BRAND AS A RESULT OF YOUR ACQUISITION OF DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES.

YOU WARRANT AND COVENANT THAT YOU WILL NOT PORTRAY THE DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES AS AN OPPORTUNITY TO GAIN AN ECONOMIC BENEFIT OR PROFIT, OR AS AN INVESTMENT, EQUITY, OR ANY OTHER OWNERSHIP OR PROFIT-SHARING INTEREST IN {{ShortCompanyName}}, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY BRANDS.

YOU REPRESENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LEGISLATIVE OR REGULATORY CHANGES AT THE STATE, FEDERAL OR INTERNATIONAL LEVEL MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE USE, TRANSFER, OR EXCHANGE OF THE DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES.

As a Platform feature, you can choose how to display your owned Digital Collectibles in a virtual “trophy case” for others to view and enjoy. This virtual trophy case can be fully customized by Users and can be displayed within a public profile on the mobile app and on the web. Users can optionally add narrative and other metadata text to each collectible, explaining how they obtained the collectible and why it’s special to them. The virtual trophy case can also be put into “display mode” for projection on TVs and other displays for the enjoyment of others. The Platform also enables Brands to add additional utility to collectibles where proof of ownership can grant Users personalized benefits such as VIP access at a concert or event. Subject to any applicable conditions provided by {{ShortCompanyName}} and/or your local jurisdiction you may also, if available to you, choose to move your owned Digital Collectibles off the Platform to hold, use or display outside of the Platform in any manner of your choosing in which case {{ShortCompanyName}} shall have no further visibility of such Digital Collectibles.

Although many Users have no interest in parting with their Digital Collectibles, should you ultimately decide in the future to trade or sell your Digital Collectible, you understand that your Digital Collectibles are unique, and the value of your Digital Collectible is solely dependent on another person’s interest in your unique Digital Collectible and what he or she would be willing to trade for it or spend to purchase it. You understand that the value of your unique Digital Collectible is driven by many factors outside of your control and outside of {{ShortCompanyName}} and its Brand partners’ control, such as a buyer’s own connection and affinity with your unique Digital Collectible, the general interest in the talent or brand associated with the Digital Collectible (which can increase or decrease over time), general interest in collectibles both physical and digital overall, and many other factors. Given the above factors, you understand there is no guarantee that, should you ultimately want to sell or trade your unique Digital Collectible, you will be able to find a buyer for it or a person to trade with for your Digital Collectible, and if you are able to find a buyer or person to trade with, there is no guarantee that value of what you receive or the price you receive will be higher or lower at any time as compared to what you perceive as your value or what you spent or traded for to obtain your Digital Collectible. Ownership of a Digital Collectible does not give you any rights to equity or other ownership in {{ShortCompanyName}} or any of its affiliates or Brands.

## TRANSACTIONS, FEES AND TAXES
We may make available the ability to purchase or otherwise obtain Digital Collectibles through the Platform (a “Transaction”). If you wish to make a Transaction, you may be asked to supply certain relevant information, such as your credit card number and its expiration date, your billing address and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD THAT YOU SUBMIT IN CONNECTION WITH A TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you grant to us the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating Transactions. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction. By making a Transaction, you represent that the applicable Digital Collectibles will be used only in a lawful manner.

{{ShortCompanyName}} reserves the right, including without prior notice, to limit the available quantity of or discontinue making available any Digital Collectible; to impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, discount or similar promotion; to bar any user from making any Transaction; and to refuse to provide any user with any Digital Collectible. Refunds and exchanges will be subject to {{ShortCompanyName}}’s or the relevant Brand’s applicable refund and exchange policies. While it is our practice to confirm orders by e-mail, the receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service.

You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or on your behalf through the Platform, at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You are responsible for compliance with any tax obligations arising from your use of the Platform and are advised to consult with a tax advisor regarding your specific state, local, federal requirements for your jurisdiction or country. We shall bear no liability or responsibility with respect to any non-{{ShortCompanyName}} tax obligation. {{ShortCompanyName}} reserves the right in its absolute and sole discretion if {{ShortCompanyName}} deems it is within {{ShortCompanyName}}’s obligation for compliance with laws to issue you tax forms or disclosures, including but not limited to, Form 1099’s and to require that you complete any such additional information as may be required for {{ShortCompanyName}} to comply with governmental requirements. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands and Affiliates and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, advertisers, service providers and suppliers harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), resulting from your failure to provide required documentation or pay any appropriate taxes to the proper governmental authorities. To the extent that {{ShortCompanyName}} determines that it is liable or responsible in any jurisdiction for collecting or remitting any tax or providing transaction data to relevant authorities, {{ShortCompanyName}} has the right to implement such measures as it deems necessary, it its discretion, for ensuring compliance.

{{ShortCompanyName}} may provide functionality for a Digital Collectible such that certain downstream transfers for value of such Digital Collectible by you (e.g., to another consumer who collects Digital Collectibles) or to you (e.g., from another consumer transferring the Digital Collectible) that occur on the Platform may generate Content-related royalties to a Brand or its designee(s) based on the value of any such transfer and {{ShortCompanyName}} may charge a listing fee for any transactions taking place on or in connection with the Platform.

{{ShortCompanyName}} shall also be entitled to recoup or pass on any third-party transaction fees (including but not limited to debit card, credit card, PayPal fees) and, to the extent applicable, sales tax amounts incurred from your use of the Platform.

{{ShortCompanyName}} does not receive, custody, or process any payment of U.S. dollars or cryptocurrency in connection with transactions on the Platform involving Users. All transfers of U.S. dollars and cryptocurrencies between Users and {{ShortCompanyName}}, as applicable, are processed by third-party payment service providers, and your use of these services is subject to such third-party service providers’ terms and conditions.

## OWNERSHIP AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You agree and acknowledge that {{ShortCompanyName}} and its licensors own all right, title and interest in and to the Platform and the Services, including, without limitation, any and all code, algorithms, analytics or metrics associated with the Platform or Services or derived from performing Services (“{{ShortCompanyName}} IP”), and that, other as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no licenses or other rights to the {{ShortCompanyName}} IP are granted to you by these Terms of Use or otherwise. Unless otherwise authorized by {{ShortCompanyName}}, you shall not sublicense, distribute, transfer, copy, reproduce, download, modify or timeshare the {{ShortCompanyName}} IP or any portion thereof, or use the {{ShortCompanyName}} IP as a component of or a base for products or services prepared for commercial sale, sublicense, lease, access, or distribution. You shall not prepare any derivative work based on the {{ShortCompanyName}} IP, nor shall you translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the {{ShortCompanyName}} IP.

The names, logos, trade names, trademarks, service marks and other distinctive identifications on or off the Platform, including, without limitation, {{ShortCompanyName}} and / or our stylized logo, and the {{ShortCompanyName}} Bot logo: (among others) (collectively “Marks”) are the trademarks and intellectual property of and are proprietary to {{ShortCompanyName}}. In addition, the Brands may have their own trademarks and logos. You have no right to use any of our Marks or those of the Brands, or any confusingly similar marks thereto, for any purpose without the express, prior, written consent of {{LongCompanyName}}. or the respective Brands. Nothing contained on the Platform should be construed as granting any right to use any trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos without the express prior written consent of the owner.

{{ShortCompanyName}} is granted a limited, non-exclusive, license to use Brand trademarks and logos in connection with Brand’s deployment of the Platform and to promote, enable discovery of, and provide Users navigation and access to the Brand deployment of the Platform for the term of these Terms of Use.

## LICENSE AND PLATFORM ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, and solely for so long as you are permitted by {{ShortCompanyName}} to use the Platform, we hereby permit you, on a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable basis, to (i) view one (1) copy of any portion or the website version of the Platform to which we provide you access under these Terms of Use, on any single device, and (ii) install and use the mobile application version of the Platform on a mobile device that you own or control, in each case of (i) and (ii), solely for your personal, non-commercial use. If you fail to comply with any of the terms or conditions of these Terms of Use, you must immediately cease using the Platform and remove (that is, uninstall and delete) the mobile application from your mobile device.

{{ShortCompanyName}} presumes that if you permit your minor child to go online and access your Account, or if you establish an Account for any minor child, then such minor child has your approval and express permission to have independent access to the Platform or any other subpage on the Platform. You understand and agree that if you do not wish your minor child to have independent access to the Platform, it is your duty to make sure that you do not give your minor child your Account access details or establish an Account for them. Remember, even if a minor child has your Account access details, you can change it by changing your password. As stated above, a minor child under age 13 is prohibited from using the Platform, even with permission from a parent or guardian. We note that some of our Brand partners may require a User to be age 18 or older to obtain Digital Collectibles associated with such Brand partners; please refer to the applicable Brand License Terms or Promotion rules for any minimum age requirements.

As an express condition of your use of the Platform, you represent and warrant to us that you shall not use the Platform for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose or purpose prohibited by these Terms of Use or the laws or regulations in the jurisdiction in which you live or reside or where you may engage in any activity with the Platform. Unlawful purposes include, but are not limited to, engaging or assisting in (i) money laundering or terrorist financing, (iii) activities that violate a sanctions program, such as U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) sanctions requirements, (iii) fraudulent conduct, and (iv) illegal offerings of securities. Any violation of any of the above representations and warranties, including use in contravention of these Terms of Use, may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, termination of your Account and all associated benefits as provided herein. If you violate any part of these Terms of Use, then your license to use the Services or Platform may be terminated by {{ShortCompanyName}} in its sole and absolute discretion. {{ShortCompanyName}} makes no representation that any Services are legal or appropriate for use outside of the United States of America or that any Services may be exported from the United States of America or for import into any foreign country. You are solely responsible for complying with all import and export laws and regulations and all applicable laws of any jurisdiction inside and outside of the United States of America from which you may access the Platform.

## THIRD PARTY MATERIALS; LINKS
Certain Platform functionality may make available access to information, products, services and other materials made available by third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or allow for the routing or transmission of such Third Party Materials, including via links. By using such functionality, you are directing us to access, route and transmit to you the applicable Third Party Materials.

We neither control nor endorse, nor are we responsible for, any Third Party Materials, including the accuracy, validity, timeliness, completeness, reliability, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety of Third Party Materials, or any intellectual property rights therein. Certain Third Party Materials may, among other things, be inaccurate, misleading or deceptive. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to be a representation or warranty by {{ShortCompanyName}} with respect to any Third Party Materials. We have no obligation to monitor Third Party Materials, and we may block or disable access to any Third Party Materials (in whole or part) through the Platform at any time. In addition, the availability of any Third Party Materials through the Platform does not imply our endorsement of, or our affiliation with, any provider of such Third Party Materials, nor does such availability create any legal relationship between you and any such provider.

YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY MATERIALS IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS, CONDITIONS AND POLICIES APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY MATERIALS (SUCH AS TERMS OF SERVICE OR PRIVACY POLICIES OF THE PROVIDERS OF SUCH THIRD PARTY MATERIALS).

## ACCOUNT SUSPENSIONS AND TERMINATION
In the event that a User or Brand is deemed by {{ShortCompanyName}} in its reasonable discretion to be or have been non-compliant with any of the terms of these Terms of Use or, with respect to a User, any applicable Brand License Terms, {{ShortCompanyName}} may terminate or suspend such User’s or Brand’s Account.

If we terminate an Account, we will permanently close such Account. . If you are a User and your Account is terminated, you acknowledge that you may lose your ability to access the Digital Collectibles associated with such Account.

If your Account is terminated or suspended by {{ShortCompanyName}}, you agree to cease all access to or use of the Platform or Services

## PROCEDURE FOR MAKING COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials available on the Platform infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send to {{ShortCompanyName}} a written notice by mail or e-mail, requesting that {{ShortCompanyName}} remove such material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send to {{ShortCompanyName}} a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See <http://www.copyright.gov/> for details. Notices and counter-notices must be sent in writing to the Copyright Agent as follows: By mail to Copyright Agent c/o {{LongCompanyName}}. {{ShortCompanyName}}, {{Address}} ; or by e-mail to {{email}}. The Copyright Agent’s phone number is 201-775-9000.

We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a DMCA notice or counter-notice.

## DATA, EMAIL AND MOBILE PHONE NUMBERS
You understand that by creating an Account or otherwise using the Platform, we may collect, use, and share information about you, including information that can personally identify you. We collect, use, share and manage your data as explained in our Privacy Policy published at <{{privacyPolicyURL}}>, which may be updated by us from time to time as described therein.

In some instances, we will jointly offer Digital Collectibles with a Brand on our Platform. When you purchase one of or trade for such Brand’s Digital Collectible, then that Brand will collect and use your information in accordance with its privacy policy, and {{ShortCompanyName}} may share your information with that specific Brand. In those cases, in addition to reviewing our privacy policy, please review the Brand’s own privacy privacy which will be made available on their website prior to your purchase or trade. We will also share your information with Brands if you direct us to do so. We may share de-identified and/or aggregated information relating to your use of and activities on our Platform with Brands where you have not purchased or traded for an NFT.

## INTEGRATIONS
In order to use all the features of the Platform and for {{ShortCompanyName}} to capture the completion of tasks performed on third party social media sites, {{ShortCompanyName}} may ask you to Open Authorize (“OAuth”) your social media accounts with your Account on the Platform. By OAuth-ing your social media accounts, you are giving the Platform certain permissions to access data about you, and also access your social media accounts for purposes such as, but not limited to, posting, liking, sharing, and commenting, directly through the Platform. {{ShortCompanyName}} does not post content that you have not provided, or edit posts that are made through the Platform directly to social media sites. {{ShortCompanyName}} reserves the right to add any promotion or advertising disclaimer to an action taken if deemed necessary to comply with regulations for posting in certain types of actions. All posts on third party social media sites are governed by the respective third party and you are solely responsible for following their terms of use. Your posting on third party social media sites is entirely at your own risk.

We may (but have no obligation to) monitor, evaluate, alter or remove postings before or after they appear on the Platform, or analyze your access to or use of the Platform. The Platform does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, timeliness, or reliability of your postings. {{ShortCompanyName}} ASSUMES NO DUTY TO MONITOR YOUR POSTINGS. {{ShortCompanyName}} DOES NOT REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE THE TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF SUCH POSTINGS OR THAT SUCH POSTINGS COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THE TERMS OF USE OF THE THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA SITE OR THE LAWS, REGULATIONS, RULES OR OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH YOU LIVE OR RESIDE. YOU SHOULD NEVER RELY UPON ANY POSTING AS NECESSARILY BEING TRUE, ACCURATE GENUINE OR LAWFUL.

You understand, acknowledge, and agree that postings originating from your Account are the sole responsibility of the individual associated with that Account. THIS MEANS THAT YOU (AND NOT US, BRANDS, THE PLATFORM OR ANY THIRD PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA SITE) ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ALL POSTINGS ON THE PLATFORM OR THIRD PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA SITES ORIGINATING FROM YOUR ACCOUNT. Your postings do not reflect the views of {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands or any Affiliates. In no event shall {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands or any Affiliates have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User posting whatsoever; provided, however, if we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion and judgment, that any posting does or may violate any of the terms of these Terms of Use, we reserve the right, at any time and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under these Terms of Use, at law or in equity, to: (a) refuse to allow you to post; (b) notify the third party social media site, or (c) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to us to enforce the provisions of these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, Terminating your Account on {{ShortCompanyName}}.

If a posting originates from you or your Account, you hereby: (a) represent and warrant that (i) the posting is original to you or fully cleared for use by the copyright owner as contemplated herein, (ii) the posting does not and will not, in any way, violate or breach any of the terms of these Terms of Use or any other Third Party platform, (iii) the posting does not contain libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information, infringe or violate any copyright or other personal right, or contain any matter the publication or sale of which will violate any law, regulation or other governmental requirement or restriction, (iv) the posting does not contain content which would be deemed unlawful or restricted by law, and (v) the posting shall not be damaging or injurious to {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands any Affiliates or any User. In addition, if your posting incorporates the name, logo, brand, service or trademark, voice, likeness or image of any person, firm, or enterprise, you specifically represent and warrant that you have the right to make such posting.

## RULES OF CONDUCT
Your use of the Platform is subject to all applicable local, state, national laws, rules, and regulations and, in some cases, international treaties. You are solely responsible for all of your postings on the {{ShortCompanyName}} Platform, in the {{ShortCompanyName}} app, or through any third party social media, and all other activities, acts and omissions that occur in, from, through or under your Account. You agree to abide by these Rules of Conduct. You shall not use, allow, post, chat, encourage or enable others to use, allow, post chat, or knowingly condone the use of the Platform in any manner that is, attempts to, or is likely to:

a. be libelous, threatening, abusive, harassing, deceptive, offensive, profane, obscene, vulgar, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, invasive of another’s privacy, tortious, defamatory, bullying, or harmful in any way that is deemed unlawful or restricted by law;
b. use the Platform in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, or inhibit others from fully enjoying the Platform, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Platform in any manner;
c. send junk email chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited messages or transmissions deemed “spamming” or “phishing”;
d. transmit, distribute or upload programs or material that contain malicious code, such as viruses, time bombs, cancel-bots, worms, Trojan horses, spyware, or other potentially harmful programs or other material or information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with any instructions posted in the robots.txt file located in the Platform’s root directory, {{ShortCompanyName}} grants to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Platform for the sole purpose of (and solely to the extent necessary for) creating publicly available, searchable indices of such materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. {{ShortCompanyName}} reserves the right to revoke such permission either generally or in specific cases, at any time and without notice;
e. use any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, offline reader, macro programs, internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same thing, to use, access, generate impressions, input information, or generate postings on social media sites;
f. forge any TCP/IP packet header or part of the header information in any email or message, forum, tweet, comment or other social media posting for any reason or otherwise provide false or misleading information to {{ShortCompanyName}};
g. use the Platform for any illegal, fraudulent, tortious, unauthorized, or otherwise unlawful purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms of Use or violates any laws, regulations (including, without limitation, laws regarding the transmission of technical data or software exported from the United States of America), judicial or governmental order, any treaties or violations or infringements upon any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or any other rights of {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands, Affiliates or of any other person, firm or enterprise or to use the Platform to carry out any illegal activities;
h. gain unauthorized access to the Platform or parts of the site not authorized for your use or attempt to use another’s Account without proper authorization, or to use the Platform in any manner which violates or is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use;
i. harvest or collect information about users of the Platform;
j. reproduce, adapt, translate, create derivative works of, sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, distribute or otherwise exploit any portion of (or any use of) the Platform except as expressly authorized herein, without {{ShortCompanyName}}’s express prior written consent;
k. remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Platform;
l. frame or mirror any portion of the Platform, or otherwise incorporate any portion of the Platform into any product or service, without {{ShortCompanyName}}’s express prior written consent;
m. systematically download and store materials or content from the Platform; or
n. modify, disrupt, impair, alter or interfere with the use, features, functions, operation or maintenance of the Platform or reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any aspect of the Platform, or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any content, area or code of the Platform.
Any reported offensive content is subject to be removed from the Platform within 24 hours, and the User creating such content is subject to being terminated from the Platform within 24 hours.

## DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE PLATFORM AND ALL SERVICES, DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES, REWARDS AND CONTENT THEREON ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN “AS IS,” “WHERE IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. Without limiting the foregoing, neither {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands nor any Affiliates, suppliers or collaborators are responsible or liable for any malicious code, delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions arising out of your use of the Platform. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that you are assuming the entire risk as to the quality, accuracy, performance, timeliness, adequacy, completeness, correctness, authenticity, security and validity of any and all Services, features and functions of the Platform.

{{ShortCompanyName}} cannot guarantee continuous service and access to the Platform without interruption or delay. It also is expected that occasional planned outages will be required to maintain and enhance the Platform. These updates and releases are done in the interest of improving the {{ShortCompanyName}} Platform functionality for the Brand and experience for the User. . You indemnify {{ShortCompanyName}} against any losses associated with an inability to use or access the Platform based on such system unavailability or limitation of access or functionality.

In some cases, {{ShortCompanyName}} integrates directly with third parties, including but not limited to, online merchant platforms, mailing list platforms, and social media platforms (“Third Party APIs”). You acknowledge that {{ShortCompanyName}} has no control over the uptime and functionality made available through Third Party APIs and as such certain aspects of the Platform could incur an outage outside of {{ShortCompanyName}}’s control, and certain aspects of the Platform’s functionality could be impacted by changes of features made available through Third Party APIs.

You understand that {{ShortCompanyName}} shall not be liable to you or any third party for any claims or damages which may be suffered by you or any third party, including, but not limited to, losses or damages of any and every nature, resulting from the inability to access the Internet, inability to access the Platform, or inability to transmit or receive information, caused by, or resulting from, delays, non-deliveries, or service interruptions whether or not caused by the fault or negligence of {{ShortCompanyName}}. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, {{ShortCompanyName}} AND ITS BRAND PARTNERS, AND ITS AND THEIR AFFILIATES AND RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, OPERATIONAL SERVICE PROVIDERS, ADVERTISERS, OR SUPPLIERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, OF ANY KIND, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR FROM THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA AND LOST REVENUES) ARISING OUT OF ANY BREACH OF, OR DISPUTE RELATED TO, THIS THESE TERMS OF USE. These exclusions apply regardless of the theory of liability, or whether related to your use or inability to use the Platform, or otherwise. These exclusions apply even if either party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF {{ShortCompanyName}} (WHICH INCLUDES, COLLECTIVELY, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS) TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00). The limitation on liability set forth in this section apply whether the claims are contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise. This limitation of liability for the Platform is in the aggregate and not per incident. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitations on damages and remedies; for that reason, some of the limitations described above may not apply to you.

{{ShortCompanyName}} AND BRANDS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO ANY PART OF THE PLATFORM. {{ShortCompanyName}} DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THE PLATFORM IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. {{ShortCompanyName}} WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF ANY KIND FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN – OR TAKEN IN RELIANCE – ON MATERIAL OR INFORMATION, CONTAINED ON THE PLATFORM. WHILE {{ShortCompanyName}} ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE PLATFORM SAFE, {{ShortCompanyName}} CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PLATFORM OR OUR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY- RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD FROM THE PLATFORM. {{ShortCompanyName}} CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF ANY DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE ONLINE. YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET AND WILL NOT HOLD US RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY UNLESS IT IS DUE TO OUR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.

{{ShortCompanyName}} WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS AND WE ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY USE OF THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (A) YOUR ERRORS SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED ADDRESSES; (B) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO APPLICATIONS; (D) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE PLATFORM. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE EXCLUDES OR LIMITS LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY, WHICH MAY NOT OTHERWISE BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

ALL DISCLAIMERS OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THESE TERMS OF USE) ARE MADE FOR THE BENEFIT OF BOTH {{ShortCompanyName}} AND ITS BRAND PARTNERS, AND ITS AND THEIR AFFILIATES AND RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “AFFILIATED ENTITIES”), AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

## ADS AND MALWARE
We take great pride in creating the Platform. We keep an eye out for material technical glitches that affect how the Platform works and, when we find them, we will seek to fix them. Unfortunately, your computer or other device, or your online service provider or other entity, may cause some glitches that affect how you see the Platform — and that is totally beyond our control.

If you experience any unusual behavior, content, or ads on the Platform, it may be the result of Malware on your computer or other device. Malware — short for ‘Malicious Software’ — is a term used to broadly classify a form of software which is installed in a computer system with malicious intentions, usually without the owner’s knowledge or permission. Malware includes computer viruses, keyloggers, malicious active content, rogue programs and dialers, among others. While we continuously work closely with our partners to ensure that everything on the Platform is working properly, sometimes Malware programs on your personal computer or devices may interfere with your experience on the Platform and on other sites that you visit. If you do discover any Malware on your system, we suggest you speak with a qualified computer technician. If you even suspect that there is any kind of Malware on the Platform or servers, please use the Contact Us and notify us immediately.

## INTERNATIONAL USE
The Platform is controlled or operated (or both) from the United States and is not intended to subject {{ShortCompanyName}} to any non-U.S. jurisdiction or law. Although the Platform may be accessible worldwide, the Platform may not be appropriate or available for use in some non-U.S. jurisdictions, and we make no representation that materials thereon are lawful, appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States of America and accessing them from territories where its content or your participation on the Platform is illegal is strictly prohibited. Those who choose to access the Platform from other locations outside the United States of America do so on their own risk and must comply with all local laws including but not limited to tax and securities laws. We may limit the Platform’s availability at any time, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction that we choose.

## INDEMNIFICATION
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless {{ShortCompanyName}}, Brands, and Affiliated Entities and their respective successors and assigns (individually and collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), from and against all actual or alleged third party claims, damages, awards, judgments, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement and costs of pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, or suspected or unsuspected, in law or equity, whether in tort, contract or otherwise (collectively, “Claims”), including, but not limited to, damages to property or personal injury, that are caused by, arise out of or are related to (a) your use or misuse of the Platform, (b) any Feedback you provide, (c) your breach violation of these Terms of Use or any applicable Brand Licensing Terms, (d) your social media postings or any content you provide within the {{ShortCompanyName}} Platform, submit or make available on or through the Platform, (e) your unauthorized use of any content made available on the Platform, and (f) your violation of the rights of another, including without limitation the terms of use of third party social media sites. You agree to promptly notify {{ShortCompanyName}} of any third-party Claims and fully cooperate with the Indemnified Parties in defending such Claims. You further agree that the Indemnified Parties shall have control of the defense or settlement of any third-party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written Terms of Use between you and {{ShortCompanyName}}.

## DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW
The terms of these Terms of Use, and any claim or dispute relating to or arising under these Terms of Use or in connection with your use of the Platform (each, a “Dispute”), are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the United States (including federal arbitration law) and the State of New York, U.S.A., without regard to its principles of conflicts of law, or any rules of private international law, that would lead to the application of any other laws.

EXCEPT FOR DISPUTES THAT QUALIFY FOR SMALL CLAIMS COURT, ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR ANY ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND US, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WILL BE RESOLVED THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION BEFORE A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR INSTEAD OF IN A COURT BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND YOU AGREE THAT YOU AND WE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY A JURY. YOU AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED AND YOU ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP THE ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. The arbitration will be administered on an individual basis (i.e., not as a class arbitration or class action) by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). If you are an individual accessing or using the Platform in your individual capacity, the arbitration will be conducted pursuant to AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules, as amended by these Terms of Use. The Consumer Arbitration Rules are available online at <https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer> Rules.pdf. If you are an Organization or an individual accessing or using the Platform on behalf of, or for the benefit of, an Organization, the arbitration will be conducted pursuant to AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules, as amended by these Terms of Use. The Commercial Arbitration Rules are available online at <https://adr.org/sites/default/files/Commercial%20Rules.pdf>.

If you are an individual accessing or using the Platform in your individual capacity, (a) the arbitrator will conduct hearings, if any, by teleconference or videoconference, rather than by personal appearances, unless the arbitrator determines upon request by you or by us that an in-person hearing is appropriate, (b) any in-person appearances will be held at a location which is reasonably convenient to both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances, and (c) if the parties are unable to agree on a location, such determination should be made by the American Arbitration Association or by the arbitrator. If you are an Organization or an individual accessing or using the Platform on behalf of, or for the benefit of, an Organization, the arbitrator will conduct hearings, if any, in-person in the County of New York in the State of New York.

The arbitrator’s decision will follow the terms of these Terms of Use and will be final and binding. The arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of these Terms of Use, but only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual claim before the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having jurisdiction thereof. You agree that the federal and state courts located in New York County in the State of New York, U.S.A., will have such jurisdiction, and you hereby waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these Terms of Use will preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state or local agencies and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.

These Terms of Use will not be governed by the U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

## MISCELLANEOUS TERMS
These Terms of Use cannot be modified, changed, or terminated by you, except as specifically described herein. The waiver of any breach of these Terms of Use, no matter how long continuing or how often repeated will not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach, nor shall any delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or privilege hereunder be deemed a waiver of such right, power, or privilege. No waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use shall be effective unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized signatory of both Parties. If any section of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable or in conflict with the law of any jurisdiction, the validity of the remaining paragraphs shall not be affected by such holding. The meaning of that section shall be construed to the extent feasible to render the section enforceable and to give effect to the Parties’ intentions as reflected in the section. If no feasible interpretation would save such section, it is to be severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which are to remain in full force and effect.

Unless modified separately in written agreement with the Parties, the Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter set forth herein. You agree that we may assign these Terms of Use without prior notice to a successor entity in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or part of our business wherein such successor shall assume the rights and obligations herein.

The section headings and subheadings contained in these Terms of Use are included for convenience only and shall not limit or otherwise affect these Terms of Use. Where text requires, words in the singular shall be deemed to include the plural and vice-versa, and words of any gender shall be deemed to include all genders. Any provision of the Terms of Use which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.

Except as specifically provided herein, {{ShortCompanyName}} is an independent contractor and shall not be deemed for any purpose to be an employee of the Brand or User. {{ShortCompanyName}} shall not be responsible to the Brand, User or any other governing body for any payroll-related taxes related to the performance of the Services, including but not limited to, withholding or other taxes related to federal or state income tax, social security benefits or unemployment compensation. Except as specifically provided in this paragraph, neither party is an agent, representative or partner of the other party and these Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to create an employment relationship, an association, agency, joint venture, or partnership between the {{ShortCompanyName}}, the Brand or the User or to impose any liability attributable to such a relationship upon either of them. No party shall have the right, power, or authority to enter into any agreement for or on behalf of, or incur any obligation or liability on behalf of, or to otherwise bind, the other party.

{{ShortCompanyName}} shall not be liable for any interruption of Services or delivery of the Platform, which result directly or indirectly from acts of God, civil or military authority, act of public enemies, war, accidents, fires, explosions, earthquakes, floods, terrorism, failure of infrastructure, hacking, Internet downtime, lag or delay, the elements, or any other similar cause beyond our reasonable control.

## APPLE DEVICE AND APPLICATION TERMS
In the event you are accessing the Services via an application on a device provided by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) or an application obtained through the Apple App Store (in either case, an “Application”), the following shall apply:

1. Both you and the {{ShortCompanyName}} acknowledge that these Terms of Use are concluded between you and the {{ShortCompanyName}} only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the content of the Application;
2. The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non- sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services on an Apple-branded product that runs Apple’s iOS operating system for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use as they are applicable to the Services;
3. Apple is not providing any warranty for the Application except, if applicable, to refund the purchase price for it.
4. You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
5. You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Application and shall not be responsible for any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses with respect to the App, including any third-party product liability claims, claims that the Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation, and claims with respect to intellectual property infringement;
6. In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
7. You acknowledge and agree that the {{ShortCompanyName}}, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
8. You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, {{ShortCompanyName}}, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such infringement claim;
9. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
10. Both you and {{ShortCompanyName}} acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
11. Both you and {{ShortCompanyName}} acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these terms, and that upon your acceptance of these terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these terms against you as a third-party beneficiary hereof.

## NEW JERSEY CONSUMERS
If you are a consumer residing in New Jersey, the following provisions of these Terms of Use do not apply to you (and do not limit any rights that you may have) to the extent that they are unenforceable under New Jersey law: (a) the disclaimer of liability for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind (for example, to the extent unenforceable under the New Jersey Punitive Damages Act, New Jersey Products Liability Act, New Jersey Uniform Commercial Code and New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act); (b) the limitations of liability for lost profits or loss or misuse of any data (for example, to the extent unenforceable under the New Jersey Identity Theft Protection Act and New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act); (c) application of the limitations of liability to the recovery of damages that arise under contract and tort, including negligence, strict liability or any other theory (for example, to the extent such damages are recoverable by a consumer under New Jersey law, including the New Jersey Products Liability Act); (iv) the requirement that you indemnify {{ShortCompanyName}} and the Indemnified Parties (for example, to the extent the scope of such indemnity is prohibited under New Jersey law); (v) the limitation on your time for filing a claim against {{ShortCompanyName}} hereunder, to the extent that such limitation in connection with a claim is shorter than the applicable limitation under New Jersey law; and (vi) the Delaware governing law provision (for example, to the extent that your rights as a consumer residing in New Jersey are required to be governed by New Jersey law).

The Platform © 2022 {{LongCompanyName}}. {{ShortCompanyName}}. All rights reserved.
